Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Unaudited Interim Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements of Tesla, Inc. (“Tesla”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”), including the consolidated balance sheet as of
September 30, 2023, the consolidated statements of operations, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, the consolidated statements of
redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated statements of
cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, as well as other information disclosed in the accompanying notes, are unaudited.
The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date. The interim
consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated
financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
statement of the results of operations for the periods presented. The consolidated results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or for any other future years or interim periods.
Note 2 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements (“ASC 820”) states that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should
be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The three-tiered fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes which inputs should be used in measuring fair value, is comprised of: (Level I) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level
II) inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly and (Level III) unobservable inputs for which there is
little or no market data. The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available in determining fair value. Our assets and
liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions):
